By designing ours SPA "Heroz". We decide to keep the notification area after it fade out but not remove it.	-The Pros for keeping is the UI performance. Rather than moving all the content under notification bar up and down DUring Notification fade in and fade out. By doing this. We will have a constant area for client. Which could reduce the annoying feeling for client.(comfirm by prof)	-The Cons of keeping is the space spending. It will keep an empty area if No notification calling.We decide the footer will always below the <main> tag content	- by setting footer like that could allow footer auto ajust the position. Also it will no longer cover the contain in main by setting it fix at the botton when the we zoom in so much.	For the assignment, the most easiest part for the assignment is step 1. Setting up the the out look and and css is easy because of the amount of work is the least. Also it has so many tutorial via Boostrap and youtube video.	Step 3 works is easy (without 3.1). Since most validation check and image insert has tutorial starter code. Also prof has help us to good through it so well in tutorial. It is much easier to understand the starter code and apply it on our SPA.	Step 2 is the hardest step for the whole assignment. Setting up the Details.html template is easy. But we does spend so much time to invest the relationship between "Model, Router, Collection" for the backbone. Even there are some explainations for backbone on google. But without example to go through has increase the hardness for it. After we finish the model and collection. We have to find a way to apply thumbnail. Even prof has given our code for thumbnail. But we are still not quite understand how it works. After all we have to modify our template to apply JSON file. That also increase the ammount to work.	Since we are just get started for web programming. We will rate the overall assignment 1 as fair. It does have some though part and spend us some time to solve it out. But in the other hand, we do learn so many stuff for web(app) designing. Also we do have fun on programing it.